edit figure captions (#11)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/30.conclusions.md

## Conclusions

> The underrepresentation of women as corresponding authors observed here is also pervasive in neuroscience [@doi:10.1101/275362] and other disciplines [@doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.2004956].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We estimate the composition of the field using corresponding author status, but in neuroscience [@doi:10.1101/275362] and other disciplines [@doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.2004956] women are underrepresented among such authors.
Such an effect would cause us to underestimate the number of women in the field.
```
It seems hard to say underrepresentation here because we're using corresponding author position to assess the field. What about this framing?

Author: Let me think about this a bit more.

> In addition to holding fewer corresponding authorship positions, female scientists are less often to be cited [@arxiv:2001.01002], invited by journals to submit papers [@doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.2004956] and suggested as reviewers [@doi:10.1038/541455a].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to holding fewer corresponding authorship positions, female scientists are cited less often [@arxiv:2001.01002], invited by journals to submit papers less often [@doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.2004956] and suggested as reviewers less often [@doi:10.1038/541455a].
```
I realize it said the same thing before but for some reason my brain wasn't linking "less often" to the later portions. Hopefully this will prevent any confusion if that happens to someone else.

Author: I like the emphasis!
